Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
How long does it take you to walk to the bus station every morning?
I trust that your day is going well?
I'm very good at coming up with examples of complex word, see bus-stop.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
Greetings from the real universe.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
The river stole the gods.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
The book is in front of the table.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.